profile/README.md, before:

![Dark Orchid Banner](../banner.png)

This project originated from the need for a more flexible and consistent theming system that could be applied across a wide range of applications. While existing solutions offered partial coverage, they often fell short when it came to adapting to specific design requirements or maintaining coherence across multiple contexts.

The initial motivation stemmed from the desire to streamline theming workflows and reduce repetitive setup across projects, especially in environments where a shared design language is essential. Over time, this developed into a more comprehensive solution — capable of reflecting both general design principles and more opinionated stylistic preferences, without compromising scalability or maintainability.

[![Contributions Welcomed Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcomed-7300ff?labelColor=27272a)](#contributing)
[![Sponsor Hint Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/❤️-Sponsor_it-%23dc2626?style=flat&labelColor=27272a)](https://github.com/sponsors/simonkovtyk/)

## About
The Dark Orchid Theme is a cohesive visual ecosystem built around the striking color purple. Centered on the rich Dark Orchid shade, it highlights purple's depth, creativity, and elegance.

Through balanced contrasts and unified tones, the theme creates a bold yet harmonious aesthetic that stands out across any design.

## Documentation
For accurate and up-to-date information, always refer to the official documentation.
It is actively maintained and far more comprehensive than the individual repository READMEs, especially regarding integrations.

You reach the documentation here: [https://dark-orchid.github.io/](https://dark-orchid.github.io/)

## Contributing
Contributions are always welcome and greatly appreciated. Whether you want to report a bug, suggest a new feature, or improve the documentation, your input helps make the project better for everyone.

Feel free to submit a pull request, issue or feature request on any of our repositories.

### Issues and Feature Requests
Reporting an issue or creating a feature request is made by creating a new issue in the respective repository.

### Pull Requests
GitHub offers a solid guideline for contributing to open source projects through pull requests, covering key practices. These best practices provide a reliable starting point for making effective contributions on our repositories.

You can find the [guidelines here](https://docs.github.com/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/contributing-to-a-project).

### Code Of Conduct
We are committed to keeping a welcoming, inclusive, and respectful community for everyone. To help us achieve this, we kindly ask that you adhere to our [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Maintainers
<a href="https://github.com/simonkovtyk"><img width="48" height="48" alt="Maintainer Simon Kovtyk Profile Picture" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/118692651" /></a>

Commit message:

docs(readme): add valuable contributors

profile/README.md, after:

![Dark Orchid Banner](../banner.png)

This project originated from the need for a more flexible and consistent theming system that could be applied across a wide range of applications. While existing solutions offered partial coverage, they often fell short when it came to adapting to specific design requirements or maintaining coherence across multiple contexts.

The initial motivation stemmed from the desire to streamline theming workflows and reduce repetitive setup across projects, especially in environments where a shared design language is essential. Over time, this developed into a more comprehensive solution — capable of reflecting both general design principles and more opinionated stylistic preferences, without compromising scalability or maintainability.

[![Contributions Welcomed Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcomed-7300ff?labelColor=27272a)](#contributing)
[![Sponsor Hint Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/❤️-Sponsor_it-%23dc2626?style=flat&labelColor=27272a)](https://github.com/sponsors/simonkovtyk/)

## About
The Dark Orchid Theme is a cohesive visual ecosystem built around the striking color purple. Centered on the rich Dark Orchid shade, it highlights purple's depth, creativity, and elegance.

Through balanced contrasts and unified tones, the theme creates a bold yet harmonious aesthetic that stands out across any design.

## Documentation
For accurate and up-to-date information, always refer to the official documentation.
It is actively maintained and far more comprehensive than the individual repository READMEs, especially regarding integrations.

You reach the documentation here: [https://dark-orchid.github.io/](https://dark-orchid.github.io/)

## Contributing
Contributions are always welcome and greatly appreciated. Whether you want to report a bug, suggest a new feature, or improve the documentation, your input helps make the project better for everyone.

Feel free to submit a pull request, issue or feature request on any of our repositories.

### Issues and Feature Requests
Reporting an issue or creating a feature request is made by creating a new issue in the respective repository.

### Pull Requests
GitHub offers a solid guideline for contributing to open source projects through pull requests, covering key practices. These best practices provide a reliable starting point for making effective contributions on our repositories.

You can find the [guidelines here](https://docs.github.com/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/contributing-to-a-project).

### Code Of Conduct
We are committed to keeping a welcoming, inclusive, and respectful community for everyone. To help us achieve this, we kindly ask that you adhere to our [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors
We would like to thank the following contributors for their valuable work and contributions, even though they are not maintainers.

<a href="https://github.com/David-Ax"><img width="48" height="48" alt="Valuable Contributor David Ax Profile Picture" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/139687482" /></a>

## Maintainers
<a href="https://github.com/simonkovtyk"><img width="48" height="48" alt="Maintainer Simon Kovtyk Profile Picture" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/118692651" /></a>
